Revise snapshot transformation instructions and examples (#8539)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/snapshots.md

    ```
    </File>

> 2. (Optional) Apply transformations using an ephemeral model. By default, snapshots reference a source directly (as shown in the YAML in the previous step). If you need to apply transformations, such as filtering or deduplication, before the snapshot, define an ephemeral model and reference it in the relation field instead of `source()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) Apply transformations using an ephemeral model. By default, snapshots reference a source directly (as shown in the YAML in the previous step). If you need to apply transformations (such as filtering or deduplication), define an ephemeral model first to apply those transformations, and reference it in the snapshot relation field instead of calling `source()` directly.
```

>   For example, here's an ephemeral model:

Reviewer: Indent lines 117 - 138 so they're under Step 2

  <File name="models/ephemeral_orders.sql" >

  ```sql
  {{ config(materialized='ephemeral') }}

  select * from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'orders') }}
  ```
  </File>

>   This is how to reference the ephemeral model in the relation field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is how to reference the ephemeral model in the `relation` field:
```
